number two own such such will so father more thought try only then does part up saw sometimes man many being long may book never run and was Indian must been tree line most next after the the grow at end these could page can up change often sentence The course equips you for full participation and engagement with your studies by building awareness and understanding of the core values and expectations of academic culture, and providing you with practical strategies to apply to your studies. 
In the Capstone Project, you will apply the academic knowledge and skills you have learnt throughout courses 1-4 to research, write and present a project proposal that addresses a complex, real-world problem related to your field of interest and/or future study. 
After completing this course, you will be able to: 
1. Apply a range of idea generation techniques 
2. Apply research strategies to search, collect, select, process, and cite information 
3. Use the research process to develop and critically analyse ideas 
4. Apply critical thinking skills to evaluate and analyse ideas and evidence 
5. Use problem-solving skills to identify gaps in knowledge and define issues 
6. Develop creative and innovative solutions to real-world problems 
7. Use appropriate academic genres for written texts and multi-media presentations 
8. Use written and oral skills to communicate ideas effectively for academic contexts
You have a lot to consider before you decide to go down that road. Adultery in the military is not treated the same way as it is outside of the armed forces legally anyway.
Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ), adultery is a crime. The accused can be court-martialled.

I ll take a second here and point out the fact that a single soldier who has sex with a married person is considered, according to the UCMJ, to have committed adultery.
According to the UCMJ, adultery is simply having sexual relations with someone who is not your spouse. If a service member is found guilty of this, it can be career-ending. It makes no difference whether or not the service member was legally separated from their spouse at the time of intercourse or not. And once you get the ball rolling with the UCMJ you can t just decide you want to drop the charges, and everything will be OK.
It doesn t work that way. The crime is not against you as a spouse; it is an act that is considered to bring discredit against the armed forces and is, therefore, a violation of good order and discipline.
I already mentioned that a conviction would likely be career-ending and carry jail time. The resulting discharge most likely would not allow them to draw benefits. That will directly affect you and your children if you have any together.
It s basically quite devastating.
My unsolicited advice as a former soldier who has seen this happen to people; leave the military out of it. File for divorce if you think that is the right thing to do, or go for counseling, or whatever. Nothing good comes out of dragging the government into it.
It s ugly, it s brutal, and it wrecks lives and careers.


Are Vietnamese people friendly?

I'm half Korean and Norwegian. My first wife is from Vietnam and it was easier for her and her family to speak Vietnamese.
I didn't want to feel left out at home so I decided to learn how to speak Vietnamese. Everyone in the family helped teach me and rather quickly, I started to speak and understand.
Whenever I meet Vietnamese people and start to speak Vietnamese, their eyes light up, they get excited, test me on all the different food, test me on how well I speak, they ask my sons, and just genuine great conversation!
I'm not saying you have to speak Vietnamese but it has been a real honor to see how friendly and wonderful Vietnamese people are and sometimes hilarious!

What makes you think how technologically backward your country is?

In Korea, schools are equipped with an electronic scanner that erases the writing and at the same time stores it so that students can obtain later copies if they wish. It is not even a new technology just installed. It is already an old technology that people had for many years. This was invented bef 




Duncan Smith

   
Follow
I write about programming at redgreencode.com2y

How good is Mark Zuckerberg with competitive programming?

He has a rating history on Topcoder:


He only made it to the median of the distribution, finishing with a green rating. But his last SRM result is from June 23, 2002. He might have gone on to competitive programming greatness if he hadn t gotten distracted with that website project.
307.9K views
View 5,126 upvotes
View 41 shares
5.1K
41
29
29 comments from 
Amit Jodha
 and more

Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Sponsored
Build & train machine learning models fast. Get started for free.
AWS removes the complexity of building, training, and deploying machine learning models at any scale.



Daniele Pestilli

   
Follow
Majored in East Asian Studies, lived in Japan & KoreaUpdated Jul 29

What did you experience in South Korea that would never happen in Japan?

There are many things I ve experienced in South Korea that I ve never experienced in Japan.
* As some people mentioned, I ve seen brawls break out in Korea, which I ve never seen happen in Japan (I m sure it happens, but it s certainly less frequent).
This was one of a number of brawls I witnessed in Seoul, August 2011

* I ve also seen many people reading books or the newspaper in Japanese trains, whereas Koreans are pretty much always on their smartphones.


* When you order food in Korea you get unlimited side dishes, which is very nice. In Japan, you pay for even the smallest thing.
(Picture of Korean food and side dishes at a restaurant in Yeosu)

* Shakespeare famously wrote  frailty, thy name is woman.  While I do think that societies across the globe tend to corral women into frailty and superficiality, I felt this vanity quite strongly in Korea. Below is an advert in downtown Seoul that reads,  If you re pretty, it s everything!  (DA!). It s a play on words on the plastic surgery company s name, but the overarching message is clear: if you re ugly, you just won t make it here.

* Smoking indoors in Japan is still allowed. The odd thing is that there is often no barrier between smoking and non-smoking sections. From a country that prides itself on its sensitivity and respectfulness towards others, this is shocking and a rather large cultural contradiction. I ve never seen people smoke indoors in Korea.

* Both in Japan and Korea, I ve experienced and witnessed discrimination first-hand. Here are just a few examples:

(This sign in the Itaewon district says  Free entrance [Weds, Thur, Sun]  in Korean, and right below it,  Entrance fee 20.000W [Foreigners] )

(This book by Masatoshi Mut? is entitled  I m glad I wasn t born a Korean )

* As of late, I ve been noticing that many people in Korea put their feet on chairs and couches in public places - something I ve never seen in Japan. I see this on an almost daily basis in downtown Seoul





* In Korea you will see people driving primarily Korean cars, followed by German and Japanese cars. In Japan, especially in the Shibuya district, you will see people who go crazy personalizing all types of vehicles, which I think is pretty cool.

